{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Suchetanbir Singh Bhangu\
NSID: sub412\
Student number: 11299684\
Course number: cmpt145\
Lecture section: 02\
\
Q1: \
	The program is correct as in that it does everything that it is intended to do and nothing that it isn\'92t supposed to do. I am very confident that all the code done for the question is correct. The required information was sufficient enough to access the correctness of the code. It is very unlikely that my code is incorrect.\
\
Q2:\
	I am very confident that my program is reasonably efficient. I took very less to execute even when given large data to compute. In addition to large data I also was using my computer for other purposes I.e multitasking but still the program ran fine and took very little time to run.\
\
Q3: \
	It would be very easy to change the program to work for 3 dimensions. It will just take two more elif statements and instead of the initial origin list being of 2 (0,0) it would be of 3 (0,0,0).\
\
\
Q4:\
	In a situation where the input is another than what is stated in the question (n,s,e,w) the program might go bust. If the input contains a number or a letter other than those mentioned above, the program might cause some problem.\
\
Q5:\
	I wasn\'92t often interrupted or distracted while working on the question. I did the question 2 in one sitting as it was a relatively easy one. These interruption did not substantially increase the time I needed. In terms of steps to reduce these distraction even more I would probably just come to the library to do my assignments next time.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}